hello everyone now let me introduce
Peter series mobile phone new operation
instructions at first opened box we can
see there is manual power adapter and IT
camera
firstly connect power adapter with a key
Levin Canard network cable one side to
ID camera and another side to the Deuter
waiting for the cameras app tracking
then turn over the bottom side of the
menu we can see three counts of QR code
label the first is English operation
video the second attorneys operation
video the third a software internal
objects use your mobile phone to end to
cure halt and obtain software eternal
address or you can open P to die
beyond.com
by browser to enter the download web
page then choose the corresponding
system to download and install
after that you can see there is a label
named easy NP - on the phone duck
laughter Nate we opened the software to
add the IP camera
find the QR code and obeyed
scan QR code on i.t camera get the
camera ID number
each were returned back to their main
interface after finish it on the stators
we can see the camera is online then we
can see the video